The increased usage of cloud computing technology and its industry-wide adoption has led to almost all modern consumer services being heavily dependent on cloud computing platforms and their performance to cater to the needs of their consumer all over the world. Service Level Agreement(SLA) which is agreed upon by both the user and the Cloud Service Provider(CSP) plays a key role in keeping this performance above a certain threshold or in other words maintaining a certain QoS(quality of service). This SLA is enforced by Cloud Service Provider who uses the logs generated by the underlying machinery to monitor the performance of the machines and compensate the user. Similarly, a cautious customer might maintain a monitoring mechanism to continuously evaluate the performance of the virtualized resources allocated to them. This creates distrust between the CSP and the client as both of them might not acknowledge the credibility of the other’s monitoring mechanism and come in disagreement with each other on this.
In this project, we propose a blockchain-based environment, where we consider the SLA to establish trust between the cloud service provider and the client. Our proposed method helps guarantee the integrity of the client’s logs and veriﬁes the SLA violations creating a trustworthy ecosystem. Finally, we evaluate the performance of the proposed system for scalability and eﬃciency. The results reveal that the number of organizations, peers, and consensus algorithms will aﬀect the scalability of the system.
